Added additional example (#704)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/scalar-data-types/timespan.md

    result1 = 1d / 1s,
    result2 = time(1d) / time(1s),
    result3 = 24 * 60 * time(00:01:00) / time(1s)
```

> This example converts an integer to a timespan by multiplying it by the timespan unit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example converts the number of seconds in a day (represented by an integer value) to a timespan unit:
```
